Update version to 0.32.0 (#428)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes to Mapbox Directions for Swift

## v0.32.0

> ### Visual instructions
> 
> * Added the `VisualInstructionBanner.quaternaryInstruction` property and `VisualInstruction.Component.guidanceView(image:alternativeText:)` enumeration case to represent a detailed image of an upcoming junction. ([#425](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/425))

Reviewer: Could you add the following item? I totally forgot to ask for it in #427:

```suggestion
* Removed the `CoordinateBounds` struct in favor of `BoundingBox` from Turf. ([#427](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/427))
* Added the `VisualInstructionBanner.quaternaryInstruction` property and `VisualInstruction.Component.guidanceView(image:alternativeText:)` enumeration case to represent a detailed image of an upcoming junction. ([#425](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/425))
```

* Removed the `Lane` class in favor of storing an array of `LaneIndication`s directly in the `Intersection.approachLanes` property. ([#382](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/382))
* Removed the `ComponentRepresentable` protocol, `VisualInstructionComponent` class, and `LaneIndicationComponent` class in favor of a `VisualInstruction.Component` enumeration that contains a `VisualInstruction.Component.TextRepresentation` and/or `VisualInstruction.Component.ImageRepresentation`, depending on the type of component. ([#382](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/382))
* Added the `VisualInstruction.Component.ImageRepresentation.imageURL(scale:format:)` method for fetching images with scales other than the current screen’s native scale or formats other than PNG. ([#382](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/382))

> * Added the `VisualInstructionBanner.quaternaryInstruction` property and `VisualInstruction.Component.guidanceView(image:alternativeText:)` enumeration case to represent a detailed image of an upcoming junction. ([#425](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/425))

Reviewer: Good catch!
